hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a black comedy film
called blackmail be ready for some
spoilers ahead
our main character dev is a marketing
manager at a toilet paper company
he always stays late at the office
playing pac-man instead of going home to
his beautiful wife rina
before he leaves every day he would
message her but she never responds
so he goes in the washroom and chokes
the chicken but seriously
does he have to use the photos of his
colleague's wife
anyways his marriage is a disaster as
the couple barely speaks
the only thing they seem to chat about
is whether if death has paid all the
bills yet
talk about being treated like an atm
machine
his friend advises him to spice up their
marriage again and that he
should surprise his wife by going home
early and bring him flowers
little did he know all the flower shops
are magically closed today
so our main character has to use some
creativity but i would never
in a million years steal from the
cemetery does he not
watch any horror films at all he manages
to steal from some poor undead soul and
goes home to find his wife seemingly in
a good mood
just before he enters the bedroom he
hears another man's voice
furious like any man would after
catching their wife cheating
does he rush into the room and smash his
wife's head in with a table lamp
or does he grab a knife and kill the
other man nope
he walks away broken-hearted and throws
away the flowers
when the man leaves he follows him to
his residence which is a gigantic
mansion that batman would probably live
in he bribes the security guard with
some money
and finds out that the man's name is
ranjit
in fact ranjeet is also stuck in a
terrible marriage where his wife
controls every little aspect
of his life because their family is
super wealthy dev goes home and pretends
like nothing has happened
he gets ranjeet's contact information
from his wife's cell phone
and decides to blackmail them for some
money little did he know
that ranjit is actually broke too and
has to lie to his wife to pay for the
blackmail
by telling her that he is starting an
import business
ranjit gives dev the money by placing it
into a garbage bin
and our main character successfully
takes the first ransom without
revealing his identity overjoyed at a
success
dev goes out with his friend to
celebrate through the encouragement of
alcohol he reveals his wife's affair
and his blackmailing to his friend
things didn't go so well on the cheater
side though
as the parent sees right through his
lies towards their daughter
the father grabs him by his family
jewels and threatens him to pay her back
right away
without any money or options ranjit
decides to betray his lover and
blackmails rina anonymously with his own
affairs
but rina has no money either and after
unsuccessfully begging her parents for
cash
she goes back and funny enough gets it
from our main character
saying that it's for her father's
medical bills
meanwhile dev's friend goes on a date
with their new female co-worker
trying to get her drunk but instead of
getting her drunk
he gets toasted himself and accidentally
reveals his friend's secret to her
this is bad news for dev as now she is
also blackmailing him
instead of making any money dev now owes
more money than when he first started
so what does he do next he blackmails
ranjit for even more money
which leads to blackmailing his wife and
the whole cycle continues again
ranjeet decides to hire a private
detective to find out who the
blackmailer is
and buys the cheapest gun from this
blind woman
what can possibly go wrong
dev goes to work and finds another
letter asking him for money from the
female co-worker
he gets her address from his friend and
pays her a little visit
he tells her that he refuses to pay her
anymore
but she threatens him for sexual assault
if he doesn't pay
up before death can leave the girl slips
and falls on her head
killing herself immediately at the same
time her parents
also showed at her front door preventing
death from leaving
so what does he do he strips to his
underwear and puts a shopping bag on his
head
and runs while being chased by the whole
neighborhood
luckily he was able to escape the next
day
many police officers are at the
workplace to investigate the girl's
death
devs tries to tell his friend to not rat
him out but his friend refuses and
claims that they were never friends in
the first place with this realization
dev steals the guy's car keys and plants
suspicious evidence in his car
which the police found after
interrogating him
before our main character can take a
break he receives a phone call
blackmailing him again
this time it's from the private
detective that ranjit hired
as he found out about dev's name with no
better choice
he agrees to a meeting meanwhile
ranjit's wife becomes increasingly
suspicious for his whereabouts
she follows him and sees that he was
cheating on her after all
she waits for him at home and sticks a
knife up where the sun don't shine
ranji pulls out the gun and shoots her
right in the stomach
and he double taps a few times just to
make sure that she's dead
ranji then receives another blackmail
from dev and he blackmails rina for more
money
which she then asks death for however
this time he refuses her directly
and tells her that he doesn't care
anymore he does feel guilty though
so he calls his mother-in-law to his
surprise
they never did any tests nor received
any money
with this realization death follows his
wife and finds out the true reason for
her asking the money
he realized that everything he
blackmailed ranjit his wife took it
unknowingly
and gave it right back he took a few
pictures of ranjit
as leverage just in case death meets up
with the private investigator
and pays his ransom however he also asks
him a favor
the private detective calls ranjit and
tells him the blackmailer is death's
friend
he then drives over and shoots him dead
ranji rushes back home and tries to
clean the blood of his hand
but the city has shut off the water to
the whole area
renji's parents-in-law also comes over
to check on their daughter
since she never returned their phone
calls they find ranjit covered in blood
who accidentally claims that these blood
are not their daughters
needless to say his future lies in the
prison cell
dev then sends the pictures of ranjit to
his wife anonymously
showing her that her blackmailer was in
fact her lover
she deletes his contact information as a
result with her heart broken
rina now feeling guilty and wants to
make up to her husband
she cooks him food makes herself pretty
and texts him to come home however
he looks at her text message and
proceeds to delete her contact
information
as well he finishes one more round with
the cardboard model
and leaves his office with victory
[Music]
so what do you guys think about the
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you